# Article for infinite product with [signature](../product_signature.html) 14:(-1, 1, 0, 1, 0, 0, -1, 0, 0, 1, 0, 1, -1, 0)

!!graphs

$$ F(q) := \sum_{n=0}^\infty r(n)q^n := \frac{f(-q,-q^6)}{f(-q^2)} = \frac{(q^3,q^4,q^7;q^7)_\infty}{(q^2;q^2)_\infty} = \frac{(q, q^7, q^{13};q^{14})_\infty}{(q^2, q^4, q^{10}, q^{12}; q^{14})_\infty} $$

## Combinatorial interpretation of product
NEEDS TO BE ADJUSTED FROM 1st RS to 3rd RS
- $(-1)^n r(n)$ is the number of [partitions](../partitions.html#integer_partitions) of $n$ with parts congruent to $\pm 2, \pm 3, 7 \pmod{14}$ or $\pm 8\pmod{28}$ with the stipulation that for any $j$, $14j + 2$ and $14j + 12$ cannot both appear as parts.
- $(-1)^n r(n)$ is the number of [partitions](../partitions.html#integer_partitions) of $n$ with parts congruent to $\pm 2, \pm 3, 7 \pmod{14}$ or $\pm 8\pmod{28}$ with the stipulation that for any $j$, $14j + 3$ and $14j + 11$ cannot both appear as parts.

*Note: although the above does not appear in Andrews and Lewis (2001), the techniques introduced in that paper were used to help derive the partition theoretic intepretations above.*

## [Asymptotic formula](../asymptotics.html)

$ \displaystyle (-1)^n r(n) \sim \frac{\sqrt[4]{\frac{11}{21}} e^{\sqrt{\frac{11}{42}} \pi  \sqrt{n}} \sin \left(\frac{\pi }{14}\right) \sin \left(\frac{3 \pi }{14}\right) \csc ^2\left(\frac{\pi}{7}\right)}{2\ 2^{3/4} n^{3/4}}$ as $ n\to\infty. $

## Power series expansion

!!power_series

## $q$-series representations

$ \displaystyle F(q) = \sum_{n=0}^\infty \frac{q^{2n(n+1)}}{(q^2;q^2)_n (-q;q)_{2n+1}}  $

**Common name:** Third Rogers-Selberg Identity

**[Bailey pair](../Bailey_pairs.html) proof:**
> Insert G(2) into [p-Bailey lemma](../bailey_pairs.html#p_Bailey_lemma) and apply the [triple product identity](../q-series.html#triple_product).

**Combinatorial interpretations:**
- 1st interpretation here
- 2nd interpretation here
    
**Notes:**
- Due to Rogers (1894).
- Independently rediscovered by Selberg (1936).
- Alternate proof given by Dyson (1943) in his first published paper.
- Slater (31)
    
## References
- G. E. Andrews and R. Lewis (2001), "An algebraic identity of F. H. Jackson and its implications for partitions", *Discrete Math.* 232, 77–83. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1016/S0012-365X(00)00295-8)
- F. J. Dyson (1943), "Three identities in combinatory analysis", *J. London Math. Soc.* s1-18, 35–39. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1112/jlms/s1-18.1.35)
- L. J. Rogers (1894), "Second memoir on the expansion of certain infinite products", *Proc. London Math. Soc.* (1) 25, 318–343. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1112/plms/s1-25.1.318)
- A. Selberg (1936), "Über einige arithmetische Identitäten." *Avh. Norske Vid.-Akad. Oslo I*, no. 8, 1–23.
- L. J. Slater (1952), "Further identities of the Rogers-Ramanujan type", *Proc. London Math. Soc.* (2) 54, 147–167. 
