# Article for infinite product with [signature](../product_signature.html) 8:(1,0,0,0,1,1,0,0)

!!graphs

$$ F(q) := \sum_{n=0}^\infty r(n)q^n := \frac{1}{(q^{},q^{5},q^{6}; q^{8})_\infty} $$

## Combinatorial interpretation of product

- $r(n)$ is the number of [partitions](../partitions.html#integer_partitions) of $n$ into parts congruent to 1, 5, and 6 modulo 8.
- $r(n)$ is the number of [partitions](../partitions.html#integer_partitions) of $n$ into distinct parts not congruent to 3 modulo 4.

## [Asymptotic formula](../asymptotics.html)

$ \displaystyle r(n) \sim \frac{e^{\frac{\pi  \sqrt{n}}{2}} \Gamma \left(\frac{1}{8}\right) \Gamma \left(\frac{1}{4}\right) \Gamma \left(\frac{3}{8}\right) \Gamma \left(\frac{5}{8}\right) \Gamma \left(\frac{3}{4}\right) \Gamma \left(\frac{7}{8}\right)}{64 \pi ^{7/2} n^{3/4}}$ as $ n\to\infty. $

## Power series expansion

!!power_series

## $q$-series representations

$ \displaystyle F(q) = \sum_{n=0}^\infty \frac{q^{n(n+1)}(-q^{-1};q^2)_n}{(q^2;q^2)_n} $.


**Combinatorial interpretations:**
- The first little Göllnitz identity: $r(n)$ is the number of partitions of $n$ into parts that differ by at least $2$ and no consecutive odd numbers appear as parts.
    
**Notes:**
- Special case of [Lebesgue's identity](../fundamental_q-hypergeometric_sums.html#Lebsegue_id).
- The analytic and combinatorial identity were in Göllnitz's 1960 undergraduate thesis, and later published in his 1967 paper in Crelle's journal (Göllnitz, 1967).

## $q$-series representations

$ \displaystyle F(q) = \sum_{n=0}^\infty \frac{q^{2n^2-n}(-q;q^4)_n (-q^4;q^4)_n}{(q^2;q^4)_n (q^8;q^8)_\infty} $

**Combinatorial interpretations:**
-  $r(n)$ is the number of partitions of $n$ into distinct parts in which even-indexed parts are even.
    
**Notes:**
- Special case of [q-Gauss](../fundamental_q-hypergeometric_sums.html#q-Gauss).

  
## References
- H. Göllnitz (1967), "Partitionen mit differenzenbedingungen", *J. Reine Angew. Math.*, 225, 154—190. 
- C. D. Savage and A. V. Sills (2011), "On an identity of Gessel and Stanton and the new little Göllnitz identities", *Adv. Appl. Math." 46, 563–575.
  
