# Article for infinite product with [signature](../product_signature.html) 5:(1, 0, 0, 1, 0)

!!graphs

$$ F(q) := \sum_{n=0}^\infty r(n)q^n := \frac{f(-q^2,-q^3)}{f(-q)} = \frac{1}{(q, q^4; q^5)_\infty} = \prod_{n=1}^\infty \frac{1}{(1-q^{5n-1})(1-q^{5n-4})} $$

## Combinatorial interpretation of product

- $r(n)$ is the number of [partitions](../partitions.html#integer_partitions) of $n$ with parts congruent to $\pm 1$ modulo $5$.

## [Asymptotic formula](../asymptotics.html)

$ \displaystyle r(n) \sim \frac{e^{\frac{2 \pi  \sqrt{n}}{\sqrt{15}}}}{4 \sqrt[4]{15} \sqrt{\frac{5}{8}-\frac{\sqrt{5}}{8}} n^{3/4}} $ as $ n\to\infty. $ Due to Lehner (1941).

## Power series expansion

!!power_series

## $q$-series representations

$ \displaystyle F(q) = \sum_{n=0}^\infty \frac{q^{n^2}}{(q;q)_n} $

**Common name:** The first Rogers-Ramanujan identity

**[Bailey pair](../Bailey_pairs.html) proof:**
> Insert B(1) into the [p-Bailey lemma](../bailey_pairs.html#p_Bailey_lemma) and apply the [triple product identity](../q-series.html#triple_product).

**Combinatorial interpretations:**
- $r(n)$ counts the number of [partitions](../partitions.html) of $n$ where adjacent parts differ by at least 2.
- $r(n)$ counts the number of [partitions](../partitions.html) of $n$ with one successive Durfee square.
    
**Notes:**
- Due to Rogers (1894).
- Rediscovered by Ramanujan before 1914.
- Interpreted combinatorially by MacMahon (1916).
- Independently rediscovered by Schur (1918).
- Simpler proofs were given by Rogers and Ramanujan (1919).
- Appears in Slater (1952) as Eq. (18).

#

$ \displaystyle F(q) = \sum_{n=0}^\infty \frac{q^{n(n+1)}(-q;q)_{n+1}}{(q^2;q^2)_n} $

**Common name:** NAME HERE, OR DELETE THIS LINE

**[Bailey pair](../Bailey_pairs.html) proof:** PROOF HERE OR DELETE THIS LINE

**Combinatorial interpretations:**
- 1st interpretation here
- 2nd interpretation here
    
**Notes:**
- 1st fact here
- 2nd fact here
    
## References
- J. Lehner (1941), "A partition function connected with the modulus five", *Duke Math. J.* 8, 631–655. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1215/S0012-7094-41-00854-2)
- P. A. MacMahon (1916), "Combinatory Analysis", Vol. II, *Cambridge University Press*.
- L. J. Rogers (1894), "Second memoir on the expansion of certain infinite products", *Proc. London Math. Soc.* (1) 25, 318–343. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1112/plms/s1-25.1.318)
- L. J. Rogers and S. Ramanujan (1919), "Proofs of certain identities in combinatory analysis", *Proc. Cambridge Phil. Soc. XIX*, 211–216.
- I. Schur (1917), "Ein Beitrag zur additiven Zahlentheorie und zur Theorie der Kettenbrüche", *S.-B. Preuss. Akad. Wiss. Phys.-Math. Kl.*, 302–321.
- L. J. Slater (1952), "Further identities of the Rogers-Ramanujan type", *Proc. London Math. Soc.* (2) 54, 147–167. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1112/plms/s2-54.2.147)
- OEIS Foundation Inc. (2024), Entry [A003114](https://oeis.org/A003114) in The On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences.
