# Article for infinite product with [signature](../product_signature.html) 6:(2, 1, 0, 1, 2, 0)


$$ F(q) := \sum_{n=0}^\infty r(n)q^n := \sum_{n=0}^\infty r(n)q^n := \frac{f(q,q^2)}{f(-q)} = \frac{\varphi(-q^3)}{\varphi(-q)} = \frac{f(-q^3,-q^3)}{\varphi(-q)} =\frac{1}{(q,q^5;q^6)_\infty^2 (q^2,q^4;q^6)_\infty} $$

## Combinatorial interpretation of product

- $r(n)$ is the number of [overpartitions](../partitions.html#overpartitions) of $n$ where no part is a multiple of 3.

## [Asymptotic formula](../asymptotics.html)

$ \displaystyle r(n) \sim \frac{e^{\sqrt{\frac{2}{3}} \pi  \sqrt{n}}}{2 \sqrt[4]{2} \  3^{3/4} n^{3/4}} $ as $ n\to\infty. $

## Power series expansion


## $q$-series representations

$ \displaystyle F(q) = \sum_{n=0}^\infty \frac{q^{n^2} (-1;q)_n}{(q;q)_n (q;q^2)_n} $

**[Bailey pair](../Bailey_pairs.html) proof:**
> Insert Bailey pair H(1)(corrected) into the [p-Bailey lemma](../Bailey_pairs.html#p_Bailey_lemma), and apply the [triple product identity](../q-series.html#triple_product).

**Combinatorial interpretations:**
- 1st interpretation here
- 2nd interpretation here
    
**Notes:**
- Due to Ramanujan in his lost notebook (Andrews and Berndt 2009, p. 85, Entry 4.2.8).
- First publication in Slater (1952, Eq. (6)), contains a misprint.

#

$ \displaystyle F(q) = \sum_{n=0}^\infty \frac{q^{n^2} (-q;q)_n}{(q;q)_n (q;q^2)_{n+1}} $

**[Bailey pair](../Bailey_pairs.html) proof:**
> Insert Bailey pair C(6) into the [2nd op-Bailey lemma](../Bailey_pairs.html#2nd_op_Bailey_lemma), and apply the [triple product identity](../q-series.html#triple_product).

**Combinatorial interpretations:**
- 1st interpretation here
- 2nd interpretation here
    
**Notes:**
- Due to Ramanujan in his lost notebook (Andrews and Berndt 2009, p. 86, Entry 4.2.9)
- Slater (1952, Eq. (26))

#

$ \displaystyle F(q) = \sum_{n=0}^\infty \frac{q^{n} (-1;q)_{2n} }{(q^2;q^2)_n } $

**[Bailey pair](../Bailey_pairs.html) proof:**
> Insert B(1) into Bailey's lemma with $\rho_1 = -1$ and $\rho_2 = -q^{1/2}$ and apply the [triple product identity](../q-series.html#triple_product).


**Combinatorial interpretations:**
- 1st interpretation here

    
**Notes:**
- Slater (24)
- Same as Slater (30) with $q$ replaced by $-q$.
    
## References
- G. E. Andrews and B. C. Berndt (2009), *Ramanujan's Lost Notebook, Part II*, Springer. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1007/b13290)
- L. J. Slater (1952), "Further identities of the Rogers-Ramanujan type", *Proc. London Math. Soc.* (2) 54, 147–167. [DOI](https://doi.org/10.1112/plms/s2-54.2.147)
- OEIS Foundation Inc. (2024), Entry [A098151](https://oeis.org/A098151) in The On-Line Encyclopedia of Integer Sequences.
